what's up everybody this is Lee Reese
and this is a clip from today's stress
test event for Guild Wars 2
I've played about six hours straight I
think I only missed the first hour and I
had a great time played mostly engineer
and elementalist and pretty much did
structure PvP the whole time
but I also play a little bit the thief's
mostly in pistol pistol as you can see
here and I wanted to upload this clip
because it goes into an insane duel
between me and sy sy YH I think I don't
know who he is but he was in this match
and we had a very long duel it was very
intense at least for me looking back of
course my gameplay is not anywhere as
good as I thought it was but it's still
cool to see how he chases me down this
whole time and I'm constantly using my
kiting skills using my healed dodge out
of the way
using my Venom's to stun him at times to
put more distance between me and him it
was just crazy fun see let's see right
here he knocks me down gets me locked in
place I'm waiting for my heal to come
off pull down I actually use Bachelors
command I'm just stun him real quick to
buy a little bit of time which lets me
pop off the dodge heal so I can get out
of that stun then I start dodging up my
builder lets me regenerate endurance
fast enough that I'm able to keep this
up I also gain swiftness on every dodge
and it also tosses caltrops which
cripples him so I'm constantly kiting
him but this guy does not give up he's
using his ax
like all his mobility moves he's using
his cripple and I could not get him off
of me for the life of me I mean I'm
popping all my Venom's I have a I think
scale venom maybe that slows him down
and it still cannot get him off me see I
thought here I almost had him dropped
popping dual pistols on him with my
Venom's but nope he's got he's a warrior
so he's got a ton of Defense 'days him a
couple times I think that's my number 4
pistol skill there to try and stop him
from using skills and putting the hurt
on me but every time he locks me I get
into serious trouble I mean it just
impossible and then I think that's the
friendly Mesmer there that bought me a
little bit of time I'm not sure
looks like that fell often see I thought
I was gonna drop him right here that guy
is so low but he pops off the heel man
this duel was so fun this is why I love
the horse - it's so skill-based
I never really felt like oh he was
overpowered I mean he won in the end but
this was a duel work Friday I mean yeah
that's about it I have a lot more
footage I think I have 200 gigs of
footage just from today's stress test
event so hopefully I'll upload that I
still haven't even uploaded all the
footage from the first beta world event
but hopefully I'll get to that stuff
soon kind of settle down now that the
finals and class is over but yeah that's
about it I hope you enjoyed this little
duel clip and the you have any questions
comments or concerns let me know as
always leave reefs out